---
title: 1.What_tragedies_were_written_by_Shakespeare_
date: 2022-08-10 18:03:27
categories:
- Packing and Shipping
tags:
---


# What tragedies were written by Shakespeare? 

William Shakespeare (1564-1616) is one of the most celebrated playwrights in history. He wrote tragedies, comedies, and histories. His plays have been translated into over 50 languages and performed all over the world. Some of his most famous tragedies include Macbeth, Hamlet, Julius Caesar, and Othello.

Macbeth is a story about a Scottish warrior who is driven to commit heinous crimes in order to claim the throne. Hamlet is the story of a young prince who must deal with family drama and betrayal before avenging his father's death. Julius Caesar tells the story of a powerful Roman leader who is assassinated by his own people. Othello is the story of a Moorish general who turns to jealousy and rage after being deceived by his wife.

Shakespeare's tragedies are beloved for their complex characters, gripping plotlines, and haunting language. They are some of the most-studied and performed works in the English language.

# How many sons did Shakespeare have? 

William Shakespeare had three sons: Hamnet, Judith and sonnets.

# What language was Shakespeare born in? 

William Shakespeare was born in the town of Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England. The precise date of his birth is not known, but it is traditionally celebrated on April 23.

# Where was Shakespeare born? 

Shakespeare was born in Stratford-upon-Avon, England.

# When did Shakespeare die?

William Shakespeare died on April 23, 1616 at the age of 52.